Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. | George Edward Woodberry
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit. | Aristotle
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. | Friedrich Nietzsche
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose for you will become like them. | W. Clement Stone
Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience. | Mark Twain
Great minds discuss concepts,Average minds discuss events,Small minds discuss others,Minute minds only discuss themselves. | Eleanor Roosevelt
Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. | Albert Einstein
Books are the quietest and most constant of friends; they are the most accessible and wisest of counselors, and the most patient of teachers. | Charles W. Eliot
Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny. Lao Tzu
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough: we must do. | Bruce Lee
If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?” And whenever the answer has been “No” for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something. | Steve Jobs
I’d rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not. | Kurt Cobain
Never let your memories be greater than your dream. | Doug Ivester
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. | Oscar Wilde
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can’t, you’re right. | Henry Ford
Everyone thinks of changing the World, but no one thinks of changing himself. | Leo Tolstoy
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult. | Seneca
If you’re not willing to risk, you cannot grow. If you cannot grow, you cannot be your best. IF you cannot be your best, you cannot be happy. If you cannot be happy, what else is there? | Les Brown
Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it. | Gordon R. Dickson
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others. | Confucius