Thousands laid down their lives so that our country can celebrate this day. Never forget their sacrifices. Happy Independence Day 
Freedom is something that money can’t buy, it’s the result of the struggles of many Bravehearts. Let us honour them today and always. Happy Independence Day
It makes my heart beat with pride, to see the colors of Independence Day spreading happiness and great joys all around. May the glory of Independence Day be with your forever.
On this special day here’s wishing our dreams of a new tomorrow come true! May your Independence Day day be filled with patriotic spirit!
We celebrate the bravery of our fathers and their gift of freedom. Long may our flag wave! Happy Independence Day!
Remember the sacrifice of our freedom fighters that formed this country. Rejoice and celebrate this day with pride. Independence Day greetings sent specially for you and your entire family.
This Independence Day, let’s take a pledge to protect the peace and unity of our great nation. Happy Independence Day
On this special day here’s wishing our dreams of a new tomorrow come true! May your Independence Day day be filled with patriotic spirit! Happy Independence Day.
By uniting we stand, by dividing we fall. Independence day is a good time to think who we are and how we got here. Happy Independence Day
“I am always full of pride wherever I am. I walk with my head held high because I know I live in a free country. I do not and will never, however, take this freedom for granted because it was purchased with a martyr’s blood. They gave it all, left the comfort of their homes, the love of their families and the hope of life for my freedom."
Those who won our Independence believed liberty to be the secret of happiness and courage to be the secret of liberty.
Feel proud to be an Indian. Have a great Independence day
Again, it is time for us to show other nations that we are great people from a great nation. And let's continue our struggle towards prosperity and betterment of our dear nation. Happy Independence Day.
Freedom is never dear at any price. It is the breath of life. What would a man not pay for living? - Mahatma Gandhi.
On this special day here's wishing our dreams of a new tomorrow come true! May your Independence Day day be filled with patriotic spirit!
We celebrate bravery of our ancestors and their gift of freedom. Long may our flag wave! Happy Independence Day!
Let's take this day to think about of our past and resolve to build a better future for our country. Wishing you a Happy Independence Day!
Freedom in our mind, faith in the words, pride in our souls. Let's salute the great men and women who made this possible. Happy Independence Day!
Ask not what your country can do for you. Ask what you can do for your country! Happy Independence Day!
Vandhe Mataram. Happy Independence day !
